are you trolls or are you no knock we
use when camping up there in the bell
tower maybe you win video sponsored by
man escapes go to link below for more
info hey you know mondo media the
animation studio behind Happy Tree
Friends Batman Piderman dr. Tran and
other things that were funnier in middle
school hey what the [__] you got a
[__] problem okay you know what I
apologize dr. Tryon holds up a lot
better than most that other stuff so
mondo media did you know that company's
been around since 1988 yeah mondo media
has been active for a long time and it's
pretty difficult to find their history
but according to their archives website
from the 90s they used to specialize in
animation for TV show bumpers and
cinematics and video games games such as
toonstruck starring Christopher Lloyd or
against the gecko a character nobody
wants and smash except for me and also
everyone on this list during the late
90s on mando's official site they were
hinting at something special that was
coming up mondo mini shows short
cartoons you could watch for free on the
internet
whoa mama Wow many online corporations
of the early 2000s crumbled mondo became
one of the rare studios that managed to
thrive off making flash cartoons online
this was in part thanks to banner ads
merchandise sales plus they had their TV
and game work to fall back on but it
looks like internet cartoons became
their claim to fame yelps Skeeter here
with Billy Bob Thornton and Angelina
Jolie Little Joe you claim you're in
love that's right couple couple of
freaks let's the divorce to this day
they're still making online content
becoming one of the biggest YouTube
channels for animation although
considering how YouTube treats animators
this video could get very dated well
they made many types of cartoons the big
one I'm talking about started in 2010
under the title dick Figures
[Music]
[Applause]
yes oh god it's so bright hang on
much better according to animation
magazine dick Figures during 2012 was
the most viewed and highest rated
animated series on YouTube making over
54 episodes one big special several
sponsorship commercials and then just
stopped much like a concerned parent
whose child rated the bedside cabinet I
have to ask where did the dick figure go
let's find out shall we
in this patreon sponsored video
requested by Xavier G you want to decide
a video topic for me to cover more info
on the patreon links below I might have
to buy a new laptop soon I don't know
how much longer this 2015 model can last
it's juice and jam time
[Music]
our origin story takes us to 2006 in the
University of Southern California School
for Cinematic Arts this is where two
students Edie Scudder and Zach Keller
became fast friends and made content
together forming Ram mojo so a
production company the duo made
everything from commercials short films
and music videos using live-action
animation and puppets which implies
puppets exist in their own realm that's
neither live-action or animated
unfortunately the two could not come up
with a better studio name on one fateful
day of laughing at their own jokes
Edie cutter came up with an idea
proclaiming let's make a show about
stick figures and so it begins
here is where they took their idea to
the animation studio six point harness
to animate the pilot [__] I can't find
my fingers you don't have any brilliant
make 54 episodes of this mondo media
picked up the pilot and a few changes
were made besides the obvious designs
the red one got less crazier and blue
less deadpan this became the dick
Figures everyone loved well
statistically it's not possible that
every single person loved it but it was
still very popular
dick Figures from 2010 follows two stick
figures named red and blue apologies if
you're colorblind blue is just an
average guy trying to live his life all
red comes in to screw everything up it's
just the standard Odd Couple formula no
I never watched dick Figures when it was
active this right now is my first time
in yeah it's pretty dated
early 2010's humor remember when people
overuse words like epic beard awesome
mustache or bacon you're about to learn
the secret how we get really funny god
oh but I have to admit there are still a
lot of moments that are so strange it's
still funny they throw in every idea
they have into the story you have to
respect that
I think season two is where they really
nailed the humor I can't explain it it
just works and it's weird well not all
the time this is definitely something
that'll make me switch between cringing
to laughing my ass off but regardless
I'd recommend this the episodes have
almost no continuity one episode can be
an exception parody the others can be
them in ancient Rome or space don't
think about it besides the two main tix
the show is full of other near
one-dimensional characters like raccoon
the wise Japanese raccoon character or
something these Japanese I guess there's
girls that are just like dumb and then
there's Lord Tourette's who yell stuff
that's it was a different time then
again I still rewatched Tourette's Chi
video so shush also ignore the Japanese
raccoon in retrospect edy has admitted
there were a lot of things that should
have been toned down especially the
racist stuff it was a different time in
its prime dick Figures managed to be
mondo media's most viewed series making
them plenty of money back when YouTube's
algorithm reward clicks silver watch
time once the series wrapped up season
four the crew gave themselves a choice
on what to do next
to another season try to make a TV show
or raise money for a movie at the time
Kickstarter with this exciting new
opportunity that can in no way
disappoint us whatsoever so they chose
to crowdsource the movie dick Figures
the movie actually that's not what
happens
the way Kickstarter works is
if you don't reach your minimum pledge
amount ours is $250,000 all the money
goes back to the backers we don't keep
any of it it all goes back to you guys
and there's no movie and Ed and I die in
the streets
you
nann just kidding with a goal of 250,000
the campaign grossed over three hundred
thirteen thousand making it at the time
the most successful animation project on
Kickstarter plus with the extra money
they promised to make the movie longer
than originally planned it was gonna be
30 minutes but they had enough for an
hour-long movie which released online
and in select theaters in 2013 know
what's your name I know
I mean I'm red my name is blue no matter
what happens I promise I will always be
your friend I know cuz I'm awesome
d/f the movie is an origin story about
how Red met blue turns out red was from
space I guess and they become friends
anyway blue needs to impress a girl so
the duo somehow end up on a quest to
retrieve a mystical sword by traveling
all over the world from France to Japan
and by Japan I mean every stereotype of
Japan
I'm in danger of feeling a major video
game Academy hey it's better than what
the Looney Tunes did with Japan which
speaking of look at that they got modern
Looney Tunes voice actor Eric Bauza to
voice the new villain Lord Takumi
oh look at my Asian sweat disgusting the
movie is self-contained while being
filled with all the same humor the
shorts are known for its mostly all
jokes but there is like one character
moment that actually made me feel
betrayed like wow I cared about these
dumb characters and also [__] you read
it's nothing too special but dick
Figures is a pretty well made movie
that's worth watching if you're into
this type of humor I categorize it as
lego movie ish
[Music]
I'm looking at the old comments when
this Kickstarter was announced of course
there's a lot of supportive fans but
also people asking why does something
involving stick figures cost over two
hundred thousand dollars even this
intellectual YouTube user with over five
subscribers gloated in the comments with
are you telling me that you guys think
it takes that much money to make a stick
figures animation and well so dumb you
must not know much about animation
people for animation 200-thousand ain't
[__] as singer and songwriter neo once
said you know the boondocks they animate
that in Korea it's like a million
dollars per episode obviously dick
Figures isn't as detailed but if you
look hard enough you can find the
official dick Figures art book to give
you a new perspective ooh you're back
that's right an art book for a bunch of
stick figures which is what I normally
say but you and I just got to remember
animation takes a long time the
animation here is actually better than
you'd expect it to be the way they move
during the action is impressive you can
tell there's some weight to these
characters and it's easy to follow the
fast pace even the webseries had a few
action scenes like this
there's a lot of rules animators have to
follow it's something tons of people
just don't think about mouth poses for
every syllable the weight of the line
worth even mapping out how the
environments are laid out and where
characters are placed these are the
things we take for granted and don't
ever notice until someone screws up it
makes an hour-long rent video about it
with most of the comments deleted now
not all that money goes towards
production of the film in fact
Kickstarter in Amazon take almost ten
percent of the budget right off the bat
okay the point is it's a lot so I'm just
gonna fast-forward through all this
using seven animators to draw 100,000
frames in a single year dick Figures the
movie is one of the fastest 2d movies
ever drawn that's where the show every
episode took about two weeks to create
with the same amount of animators it was
a full-on production even down to the
original music scored for practically
every episode in such a wide variety of
sounds you can still buy the series
soundtrack off iTunes making my editing
job much easier my favorite song of
theirs is called in the city which is
not based off any existing classic
overused song and if it was it'd be
filed under parody hopefully
[Music]
[Applause]
well that sucked while I get this sorted
we'll be back after these messages where
you'll see what became of the dick
Figures after the movie's release
commercial break
[Music]
[Applause]
after the 2013 movie what's next for
dick Figures more awkward interviews
with the press
you see oh yeah all right
that but also as said in a reddit AMA
and written in the art books after just
completing dick Figures the movie the
craters are on to their next animated
feature film and much much more well
that never happened and no I'm not
trying to fake you out again one month
after the movie's release in 2014 dick
Figures made a fifth and final season
that is still currently under a small
pay wall comparing seasons one and five
there's really nothing all that
difference same as it's ever been
well they didn't do a few ads for Jack
Link's beef jerky that were officially
uploaded at half the framerate for some
reason thanks they had the comic
kamikaze contest where they would
animate fan comics thankfully no one was
injured and there was that weird
offshoot titled chick figures about the
daughters of red and blue yeah should
have called it vagina figures if I work
at the comic shop these aired on fusion
TV what the heck is that oh it's a TV
channel that aired a cartoon shorts
compilations show entitled like shared
die which is something every youtuber
will soon repeat in our future dystopia
[Music]
chick figures was basically the same
show but they're girls now and I guess
the Avengers was really getting popular
so they worked in a bunch of comic book
references though I like how it's more
of a focus show on them just working
retail rather than the duo in space or
other random locations plus their
dialogue gives me some Panty and
Stocking vibes
[Music]
after that the final fifty fourth
episode of dick Figures released on July
2014 figured out it had a nice little
send-off with some cute payoffs to
long-running gags the characters grew
old and as with life they grew apart and
now have daughters to bridge the
spin-off the final few seconds of the
finale take place in the exact spot the
first episode started thus closing the
loop just like the movie looper Lewis
read word wow hey man how you doing good
man good just drop my daughter off at
kindergarten really me too
wow man it's been ages yeah dude great
to see you wanna get some beer nah man I
don't drink anymore but thanks oh okay
whoa want to hang out yeah sure what do
you want to do we can just go watch some
cartoons yeah
that sounds awesome
[Music]
they made the Jack Link's beef jerky ads
after the finale but that don't count as
a final episode shut up so where are
they now
we'll find out after these sponsored
messages manscaped back at it again it's
yep manscape do you want to shave your
lawnmower 3.0 it's not for your face
it's for anywhere below your neck
it's TSA friendly you wish the TSA would
cuff your clean-shaven balls for
carrying this around get 20% off plus
free shipping and two free gifts with
the code taxi 20 and manscaped calm and
look at this it's got a light in case
you're spelunking on the moon and want
to shave it's perfect for where the Sun
don't shine I'm too afraid to look at my
own reflection in the mirror so this is
perfect for me and don't worry about
cuts its skin save technology no Nick's
no snags guaranteed and plus the 3.0 is
backwards compatible meaning you can use
the 2.0 is replaceable ceramic trimmer
blade and vice versa
he is for a backwards compatible but
this is once again get 20% off plus free
shipping and two free gifts with the
code taxi 20 at manscape calm your Falls
will thank you and so will i manscaped
also works for a female sexes - oh my
god he finally shut up stay tuned it's
truly over as the official website dick
Figures dot-com has expired it now leads
to the portfolio of some guy named
Richard figures cuz dick is short for
Richard for some reason I don't get it
but that leaves the question why did one
of the biggest YouTube cartoons
end well there are 54 episodes which is
almost 52 thus I assume mondo media
wanted to be like TV and live by the
infamous 52 episode rule which doesn't
make any sense when you're a YouTube
show but then again I put commercial
bumpers in my videos I get the feeling
after this possible contract expiration
the creators got tired of the same thing
for so long and want to change plus they
got out at the right time the movie in
the fifth season were made after YouTube
changed the algorithm from preferring
view count to now leaning towards watch
time this has caused a mondo media to
now upload their future content to
streaming services like verb to watch
last man it's great
but what about where did the duo go
after ending their web cartoon did they
become let's players
no God no even they have self-respect
IDI Scudder now works in TV animation
and became the lead showrunner for Legos
unikitty series which oh yeah that that
characters face is totally a dick figure
Wow
that shows fast I love humour fits well
with Ed's brand meanwhile Zack Keller
became a writer for a bunch of stuff
he's doing comic books graphic novels
and many many of those telltale gains oh
it was a different time he's still
getting work don't worry so it worked
out pretty well for the creators maybe
not so much for mando Media and
animation on YouTube the Internet's
ever-changing so you just gotta adapt to
it and maybe things will go in your
favor
where will I pan pizza of rebel taxi be
five years from now let's not think
about that okay in the microphone
[Music]
don't give up challenge again
mondo many shows and studio works
entertainment proudly present Happy Tree
Friends first blood
5 million fans around the world have
fallen in love with cuddles and now you
will too
[Music]
warning the following has been edited
for television due to mature content a
complete lack of taste and now they're
available for the first time on DVD
pearly 1995 you can be the first of your
friends to own Volume one of Happy Tree
Friends
you'll receive over two hours of
bone-crunching material we guarantee
you'll have to turn your head away or
your money back
call within the next 20 minutes and
you'll get free this bonus DVD with even
more outrageously wicked footage that's
two DVDs for only 1995 call now you must
be 18 years old order that's what's on
my mind this is my plan